Thank you very much.
Then go to the table inside and wait for the feast, hahaha.
Ah!
Li Wushuang, are you crazy?
What two cats and two dogs, please come in
They are all my relatives and friends
Come congratulate me what's the problem
You don't see what this place is
What arrangement?
Nine-star imperial building
Who here is not a business celebrity?
wealthy family
You set up a group of migrant workers to come in
Are you trying to piss me off?
What happened to the migrant workers?
Are migrant workers not human?
Everyone is divided into three, six, nine, etc
different classes
My Tang family's marriage to a daughter is a high-class position
You actually called migrant workers
Are you trying to insult me?
You shameless
My Tang family is shameless
Did I persuade Aoxue not to marry him long ago?
Are you saying he's not your crown prince?
Who knew he would end up like this?
Oh dear mother, just calm down
Nonsense, he is also a kind heart
Think of the big day.
I called some more people over
Those are his good friends
Don't care too much
No way.
Today it's your leg's debt
Don't get married
Forget it, I said
We are indeed long
We have a lot of reason
There we go.
Wait don't go